docs/source/GettingStarted/quick-start.md, before:

# Quick Start

### 1. Preparing Python environment

CloudTik requires a Python environment on Linux. We recommend using Conda to manage Python environments and packages.

If you don't have Conda installed, please refer to `dev/install-conda.sh` to install Conda on Linux.

```
git clone https://github.com/oap-project/cloudtik.git && cd cloudtik
bash dev/install-conda.sh
```

Once Conda is installed, create an environment with a specific Python version as below.
CloudTik currently supports Python 3.7, 3.8, 3.9. Here we take Python 3.7 as an example.

```
conda create -n cloudtik -y python=3.7
conda activate cloudtik
```

### 2. Installing CloudTik

Execute the following `pip` commands to install CloudTik on your working machine for specific cloud providers. 

Here we take AWS as an example.

```
# if running CloudTik on aws
pip install -U "cloudtik[aws] @ https://d30257nes7d4fq.cloudfront.net/downloads/cloudtik/cloudtik-0.9.0-cp37-cp37m-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl"
```

Replace `cloudtik[aws]` with `clouditk[azure]` or `cloudtik[gcp]` if you want to create clusters on Azure or GCP.
Use `cloudtik[all]` if you want to manage clusters with all supported Cloud providers.

You can install the latest CloudTik wheels via the following links. These daily releases do not go through the full release process.

| Linux      | Installation                                                                                                                                       |
|:-----------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Python 3.9 | `pip install -U "cloudtik[aws] @ https://d30257nes7d4fq.cloudfront.net/downloads/cloudtik/cloudtik-0.9.0-cp39-cp39-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl" `     |
| Python 3.8 | `pip install -U "cloudtik[aws] @ https://d30257nes7d4fq.cloudfront.net/downloads/cloudtik/cloudtik-0.9.0-cp38-cp38-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl" `     |
| Python 3.7 | `pip install -U "cloudtik[aws] @ https://d30257nes7d4fq.cloudfront.net/downloads/cloudtik/cloudtik-0.9.0-cp37-cp37m-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl" `    |


### 3. Authentication to Cloud Providers API

After CloudTik is installed on your working machine, you need to configure or log into your Cloud account to 
authenticate the cloud provider CLI on this machine.

#### AWS

First, install AWS CLI (command line interface) on your working machine. Please refer to
[Installing AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
for detailed instructions.

After AWS CLI is installed, you need to configure AWS CLI about credentials. The quickest way to configure it 
is to run `aws configure` command, and you can refer to
[Managing access keys](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html#Using_CreateAccessKey)
to get *AWS Access Key ID* and *AWS Secret Access Key*.

More details for AWS CLI can be found in [AWS CLI Getting Started](https://github.com/aws/aws-cli/tree/v2#getting-started).

#### Azure

After CloudTik is installed on your working machine, login to Azure using `az login`.
Refer to [Sign in with Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli) for more details.

#### GCP

First, follow [Creating a service account](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started#creating_a_service_account)
to create a service account on Google Cloud. 

A JSON file should be safely downloaded to your local computer, and then set the `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment
variable as described in the [Setting the environment variable](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started#setting_the_environment_variable)
on your working machine.

### 4. Creating a Workspace for Clusters.

CloudTik uses **Workspace** concept to easily manage shared Cloud resources such as VPC network resources,
identity and role resources, firewall or security groups, and cloud storage resources.
By default, CloudTik will create a workspace managed cloud storage
(S3 for AWS, Data Lake Storage Gen 2 for Azure, GCS for GCP) for use without any user configurations.
Within a workspace, you can start one or more clusters with different combination of runtime services.

Create a configuration workspace yaml file to specify the unique workspace name, cloud provider type and a few cloud 
provider properties. 

Take AWS as an example.

```
# A unique identifier for the workspace.
workspace_name: example-workspace

# Cloud-provider specific configuration.
provider:
    type: aws
    region: us-west-2
    security_group:
        # Use IpPermissions to allow SSH access from your working node
        # Remember to restrict IpRanges for security 
        IpPermissions:
        - FromPort: 22
          ToPort: 22
          IpProtocol: TCP
          IpRanges:
          - CidrIp: 0.0.0.0/0
```
*NOTE:* Remember to change `CidrIp` from `0.0.0.0/0` to restricted IpRanges for TCP port 22 security.

Use the following command to create and provision a Workspace:

```
cloudtik workspace create /path/to/your-workspace-config.yaml
```

Check `example/cluster` folder for more Workspace configuration file examples.

### 5. Starting a cluster with default runtimes

Now you can start a cluster running Spark by default:

```
cloudtik start /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
```

A typical cluster configuration file is usually very simple thanks to design of CloudTik's templates with inheritance.

Here we take AWS as an example. This example can be found from CloudTik's `example/cluster/aws/example-standard.yaml`.
It will start a cluster named "example-docker" in workspace "example-workspace" with minimal of 3 worker nodes running
Ganglia and Spark runtime services by default.

```
# An example of standard 1 + 3 nodes cluster with standard instance type
from: aws/standard

# Workspace into which to launch the cluster
workspace_name: example-workspace

# A unique identifier for the cluster.
cluster_name: example

# Cloud-provider specific configuration.
provider:
    type: aws
    region: us-west-2

auth:
    ssh_user: ubuntu
    # Set proxy if you are in corporation network. For example,
    # ssh_proxy_command: "ncat --proxy-type socks5 --proxy your_proxy_host:your_proxy_port %h %p"

available_node_types:
    worker.default:
        # The minimum number of worker nodes to launch.
        min_workers: 3
```

You need only a few key settings in the configuration file to launch a Spark cluster.

As for `auth` above, please set proxy if your working node is using corporation network.

```
auth:
    ssh_user: ubuntu
    ssh_proxy_command: "ncat --proxy-type socks5 --proxy <your_proxy_host>:<your_proxy_port> %h %p"
```

Refer to `example/cluster` directory for more cluster configurations examples.

### 6. Managing clusters

CloudTik provides very powerful capability to monitor and manage the cluster.

#### Cluster status and information

Use the following commands to show various cluster information.

```
# Check cluster status with:
cloudtik status /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
# Show cluster summary information and useful links to connect to cluster web UI.
cloudtik info /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
cloudtik head-ip /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
cloudtik worker-ips /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
```
#### Attach to the cluster head (or specific node)

Connect to a terminal of cluster head node.

```
cloudtik attach /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
```

#### Execute and Submit Jobs

Execute a command via SSH on cluster head node or a specified node.

```
cloudtik exec /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml [command]
```

#### Manage Files

Upload files or directories to cluster.

``` 
cloudtik rsync-up /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml [source] [target]
```
  
Download files or directories from cluster.

```
cloudtik rsync-down /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml [source] [target]
```

#### Terminate a Cluster

Stop and delete the cluster.

```
cloudtik stop /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
```

#### Delete a Workspace

Delete the workspace and all the network resources within it.

```
cloudtik workspace delete /path/to/your-workspace-config.yaml
```

For more information as to the commands, you can use `cloudtik --help` or `cloudtik [command] --help` to get detailed instructions.

Commit message:

Use allowed_ssh_sources for workspace to simplify the firewall configurations

docs/source/GettingStarted/quick-start.md, after:

# Quick Start

### 1. Preparing Python environment

CloudTik requires a Python environment on Linux. We recommend using Conda to manage Python environments and packages.

If you don't have Conda installed, please refer to `dev/install-conda.sh` to install Conda on Linux.

```
git clone https://github.com/oap-project/cloudtik.git && cd cloudtik
bash dev/install-conda.sh
```

Once Conda is installed, create an environment with a specific Python version as below.
CloudTik currently supports Python 3.7, 3.8, 3.9. Here we take Python 3.7 as an example.

```
conda create -n cloudtik -y python=3.7
conda activate cloudtik
```

### 2. Installing CloudTik

Execute the following `pip` commands to install CloudTik on your working machine for specific cloud providers. 

Here we take AWS as an example.

```
# if running CloudTik on aws
pip install -U "cloudtik[aws] @ https://d30257nes7d4fq.cloudfront.net/downloads/cloudtik/cloudtik-0.9.0-cp37-cp37m-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl"
```

Replace `cloudtik[aws]` with `clouditk[azure]` or `cloudtik[gcp]` if you want to create clusters on Azure or GCP.
Use `cloudtik[all]` if you want to manage clusters with all supported Cloud providers.

You can install the latest CloudTik wheels via the following links. These daily releases do not go through the full release process.

| Linux      | Installation                                                                                                                                       |
|:-----------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Python 3.9 | `pip install -U "cloudtik[aws] @ https://d30257nes7d4fq.cloudfront.net/downloads/cloudtik/cloudtik-0.9.0-cp39-cp39-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl" `     |
| Python 3.8 | `pip install -U "cloudtik[aws] @ https://d30257nes7d4fq.cloudfront.net/downloads/cloudtik/cloudtik-0.9.0-cp38-cp38-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl" `     |
| Python 3.7 | `pip install -U "cloudtik[aws] @ https://d30257nes7d4fq.cloudfront.net/downloads/cloudtik/cloudtik-0.9.0-cp37-cp37m-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl" `    |


### 3. Authentication to Cloud Providers API

After CloudTik is installed on your working machine, you need to configure or log into your Cloud account to 
authenticate the cloud provider CLI on this machine.

#### AWS

First, install AWS CLI (command line interface) on your working machine. Please refer to
[Installing AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
for detailed instructions.

After AWS CLI is installed, you need to configure AWS CLI about credentials. The quickest way to configure it 
is to run `aws configure` command, and you can refer to
[Managing access keys](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html#Using_CreateAccessKey)
to get *AWS Access Key ID* and *AWS Secret Access Key*.

More details for AWS CLI can be found in [AWS CLI Getting Started](https://github.com/aws/aws-cli/tree/v2#getting-started).

#### Azure

After CloudTik is installed on your working machine, login to Azure using `az login`.
Refer to [Sign in with Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli) for more details.

#### GCP

First, follow [Creating a service account](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started#creating_a_service_account)
to create a service account on Google Cloud. 

A JSON file should be safely downloaded to your local computer, and then set the `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment
variable as described in the [Setting the environment variable](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started#setting_the_environment_variable)
on your working machine.

### 4. Creating a Workspace for Clusters.

CloudTik uses **Workspace** concept to easily manage shared Cloud resources such as VPC network resources,
identity and role resources, firewall or security groups, and cloud storage resources.
By default, CloudTik will create a workspace managed cloud storage
(S3 for AWS, Data Lake Storage Gen 2 for Azure, GCS for GCP) for use without any user configurations.
Within a workspace, you can start one or more clusters with different combination of runtime services.

Create a configuration workspace yaml file to specify the unique workspace name, cloud provider type and a few cloud 
provider properties. 

Take AWS as an example.

```
# A unique identifier for the workspace.
workspace_name: example-workspace

# Cloud-provider specific configuration.
provider:
    type: aws
    region: us-west-2
    # Use allowed_ssh_sources to allow SSH access from your client machine
    allowed_ssh_sources:
      - 0.0.0.0/0
```
*NOTE:* `0.0.0.0/0` in `allowed_ssh_sources` will allow any IP addresses to connect to your cluster as long as it has the cluster private key.
For more security, make sure to change from `0.0.0.0/0` to restricted CIDR ranges for your case.

Use the following command to create and provision a Workspace:

```
cloudtik workspace create /path/to/your-workspace-config.yaml
```

Check `example/cluster` folder for more Workspace configuration file examples.

### 5. Starting a cluster with default runtimes

Now you can start a cluster running Spark by default:

```
cloudtik start /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
```

A typical cluster configuration file is usually very simple thanks to design of CloudTik's templates with inheritance.

Here we take AWS as an example. This example can be found from CloudTik's `example/cluster/aws/example-standard.yaml`.
It will start a cluster named "example-docker" in workspace "example-workspace" with minimal of 3 worker nodes running
Ganglia and Spark runtime services by default.

```
# An example of standard 1 + 3 nodes cluster with standard instance type
from: aws/standard

# Workspace into which to launch the cluster
workspace_name: example-workspace

# A unique identifier for the cluster.
cluster_name: example

# Cloud-provider specific configuration.
provider:
    type: aws
    region: us-west-2

auth:
    ssh_user: ubuntu
    # Set proxy if you are in corporation network. For example,
    # ssh_proxy_command: "ncat --proxy-type socks5 --proxy your_proxy_host:your_proxy_port %h %p"

available_node_types:
    worker.default:
        # The minimum number of worker nodes to launch.
        min_workers: 3
```

You need only a few key settings in the configuration file to launch a Spark cluster.

As for `auth` above, please set proxy if your working node is using corporation network.

```
auth:
    ssh_user: ubuntu
    ssh_proxy_command: "ncat --proxy-type socks5 --proxy <your_proxy_host>:<your_proxy_port> %h %p"
```

Refer to `example/cluster` directory for more cluster configurations examples.

### 6. Managing clusters

CloudTik provides very powerful capability to monitor and manage the cluster.

#### Cluster status and information

Use the following commands to show various cluster information.

```
# Check cluster status with:
cloudtik status /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
# Show cluster summary information and useful links to connect to cluster web UI.
cloudtik info /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
cloudtik head-ip /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
cloudtik worker-ips /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
```
#### Attach to the cluster head (or specific node)

Connect to a terminal of cluster head node.

```
cloudtik attach /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
```

#### Execute and Submit Jobs

Execute a command via SSH on cluster head node or a specified node.

```
cloudtik exec /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml [command]
```

#### Manage Files

Upload files or directories to cluster.

``` 
cloudtik rsync-up /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml [source] [target]
```
  
Download files or directories from cluster.

```
cloudtik rsync-down /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml [source] [target]
```

#### Terminate a Cluster

Stop and delete the cluster.

```
cloudtik stop /path/to/your-cluster-config.yaml
```

#### Delete a Workspace

Delete the workspace and all the network resources within it.

```
cloudtik workspace delete /path/to/your-workspace-config.yaml
```

For more information as to the commands, you can use `cloudtik --help` or `cloudtik [command] --help` to get detailed instructions.
